#modjam
This ModJam Mod is called Progsys. Progsys is a mod that will allow you to move inventory stacks, and control fluids. More to come in the official ProgSys release!

##README
Thankyou for reading the readme, anyways, lets get started.

ProgSys has 3 blocks and 3 items but millions of possibilies. This ensures that your transportation experience will be top notch!

###How to start
The first thing you should do to make a sorting system is to craft yourself some wires. With those wire, you should will able to connect machines together to form complex networks.
To craft a wire do the following:
>Get 6 redstone.
>Get 3 string
>In a crafting table place a design of:
>> 
>>
    RRR
    SSS
    RRR
    Where S is String
    Where R is Redstone dust
>

You will get 4 wires from that.

Next, craft yourself a Controller. A controller is used to control the chests in a system. In the full release the Controller will run off of BC energy, but for now it runs off of the power generated by it's pistons.
To craft a Controller do the following:
>Get 3 Pistons and 3 Redstone Blocks.
>Get 3 Holo Arrays, crafted like so:
>> 
>>
    PPP
    PPP
    PPP
    Where P is a Holo Pixel, crafted like so: 
        CCC
        CCC
        CCC
        Where C is a Crystal, which is formed when you break a Crystal Ore
> 
>In a crafting table place a design of:
>> 
>>
    HHH
    PRP
    RPR
    Where H is a Holo Array
    Where P is a Piston
    Where R is a Redstone Block

You now have the basic utilites to form a system. Feel free to craft more wires if you want.
###Configuring the system
If you haven't placed your Controller down, do so now! Place it in a position where there is an empty 3x4 area above it. This area is used to open the Holographic Gui that opens when you right click the block.
Right now your system doesn't do much. It just sits there with nothing to do... Well give it something to do! You need to craft some Inventories, some Inventory Interfaces, and a Wrench!
####Inventory interface
Inventory interfaces interface with inventories... Try saying that 3 times fast! The system uses inventory interfaces as "regexes", because of the built in filter system. The filter can contain item data, and the system will compare the items in the Inventory interface's chest with those to determine if the item should be moved or not.
Inventory interfaces can hold any item with an infinate amount of data slots. It also contains a mode called "not mode". Not mode will inverse the filter, making chests that can not hold anything (like an input chest) or chest that shouldn't contain certain items, because it could render the operation of the machine connected to the chest useless. You can access Not mode by shift clicking it with a wrench.
When a filter is completely blank, it will acept any item. This is good for misc chests/ SoarynChests, because anything that doesn't belong anywhere else may find it's way there.
If you right click with a wrench, you can switch the side that the inventory interface connects to.
If you right click with any other item, it will add it to the filter.
If you right click with your hand, it will open the Holo Gui.
Enough talk about it's functions, what about crafting you say?
To craft an Inventory Interface, do the following:
>Get 1 piston
>Get 2 chest
>Get 3 redstone blocks
>Get 3 Holo Arrays
>In a Crafting Table, place the design of:
>> 
>>
    HHH
    CRC
    RPR
    Where H is a Holo Array
    Where C is a Chest
    Where R is a Redstone Block
    Where P is a Piston

You also need a wrench to configure the interface.
To craft a wrench, do the following:
>Get 5 Iron Ingots
>Get 2 Red Wool Blocks
>In a Crafting Table, place the design of:
>> 
>>
    I I
    III
     R 
    Where I is an Iron Ingot
    Where R is a Red Wool block

Now all you have to do now is connect the Chest to the Inventory interface by right clicking the block with a wrench a couple of times. Connect the interface to the controller with a wire. You can now start configuring the inventory interface. Shift-rightclick with a wrench to toggle Not mode, right click with any other blocks and items to add it to the filter. Right click it with your hand to toggle the Holo Gui, and shift rightclick to remove the last filter.